Erik, Tim, Jameson, Jake, KL, Vedders, AnnMarie

### Cascade Training
* Keep asking away until we are told we have to pay for our questions
* Mike will schedule a session with Penny to go over roles, workflows, permissions (schedule on a day KL is already here)

### Images
* Meeting to talk about responsive images
* Anyone can come to the meeting (let Jake know)
* Standard sizes, labeling guidelines (done in Cascade)
* We need some kind of system that can take a large photo and automatically make it 3 separate sizes, web optimized, etc. -- Does this exist??

### Training
* Mike will try to have a conversation about a longer training program
* Moodle Course
    * AMV submitted a draft of the course plan
    * Training will be a 4 module, 4 week Moodle course
    * Hours = approx 20 (probably more after the course plan has been better finalized)

### Version Control
* Peter and Jame-o are meeting today to try to do better version control
* Right now all you see is a comment
* Version control for data definitions, formats, etc. (not pages)
* Access for AMV so it's the first troubleshooting step?
