## Meeting 03.13.14  
Erik, Jameson, Jake, KL, AnnMarie

### Metadata
* Leaning towards having fewer metadata sets and just having one robust set so we don't need to update things in multiple places
* Separate metadata set for events and a very basic page?

### Schema
* KL wants someone to look at this with her
* Jake and Jameson spend some time looking at link Mike posted in github of tags for universities
* Talk about with when KL gets back

### Roles
* AMV & KL started mapping out roles
* Jameson needs to review a few things on the spreadsheet
* Publisher - approvers like Cindy, Sue, etc. 
* Editor - access to a site and can publish their content
* Contributor (author) - access to a site and can edit their content, needs approval
* AMV set up the roles while KL is gone

### CAS Academics Update
* Need anything else before KL leaves? Nope!

### Other
* Dev, test, and production
    * Dev is for Jake & Jameson
    * Test is a copy of production. Migrate it to prod when done testing.
    * Production cascade site is the live one
