## Meeting 04.10.14
Tim, Erik, Jake, Jame-o, Kelsey, Mike, AnnMarie

### About Section
* KL needs confirmation on if that's how we're doing flex layout
* Map format needs to be fixed
* **New about section launch time: Thursday, April 17**
* AMV and students - finish adding buildings and parking lots
* Jake - update design
* Gruber - reorganize mission, history, and values

### Other
* Where do site titles go once the image bank disappears?
