## Meeting 06.23.14
Gruber, Tim, Jame-o, Jake, KL, Mike, AMV

### Calendar
* Getting finished way faster than we anticipated! Woo!

### Random
* Mike showed Mark migration documentation and loading docs

### Proof Points
* Hide proof point - should that be in the metadata? should it be hide from nav? YES - hide from nav - create a github issue and assign to Caleb

### CAS Academics
* All content that we have content for is loaded
* Can we have Lauren make pools of photos to share with academic departments?
* AMV will connect Allie and Mike for a loading session 
* Quotes are sometimes working, sometimes not - amv to create github

### Tinker
* EJ to look at how we get events to show up on CAS academic pages if they have them
* Testing should be done this week
